mark `query-frontend.max-total-query-length` as stable (#3882)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/configure/reference-configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -query-frontend.split-instant-queries-by-interval
[split_instant_queries_by_interval: <duration> | default = 0s]

> # Limit the total query time range (end - start time). This limit is enforced in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Limit the total query time range (end time minus start time). This limit is enforced in
```

> # the query-frontend on the received query. Defaults to the value of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the query-frontend on the received query. The default is the value of
```
